Update Q7 for GHAS (#128)
FidelusAleksander/githubcertified: content/questions/advanced_security/question-007.md

---

> https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/secret-scanning/about-secret-scanning
1. [x] Secret scanning scans your repository for secrets such as private keys or tokens.

> 2. [ ] Secret scanning scans your repository for potential code vulnerabilities that could expose secrets such as private keys or tokens.
> 3. [ ] Secret scanning is a tool for secure secret storage and management.
> 4. [ ] Secret scanning is a git hook that will scan your commits for secrets such as private keys or tokens before they are pushed to GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [ ] Secret scanning scans your repository for potential code vulnerabilities that could expose secrets such as private keys or tokens.
1. [ ] Secret scanning is a tool for secure secret storage and management.
1. [ ] Secret scanning is a git hook that will scan your commits for secrets such as private keys or tokens before they are pushed to GitHub.
```
